Smart Gardening.
An affordable, quality gardening service that you can manage online.
A Revolution in Gardening
ezhome is a new breed of gardening company that's revolutionizing the way gardening is done. We're using technology to help gardeners with their work, enable better communication, and vastly improve the customer experience.
Weekly Reports
After each service, we email you a report that includes before/after photos and a list of tasks that were done. Sending us feedback is as easy as clicking a link in the email.
Online Access
We provide all the conveniences you'd expect: online access to your service details and history, automatic payments via credit card, and amazing support via email or phone.
Led By Experts
We're led by certified expert horticulturists that direct our team and are available for consultations whenever you need guidance.
Gardening the Right Way
We care about more than just the beauty of your garden
Fair Wages
All of our gardeners are ezhome employees and receive full benefits. We take labor laws seriously and we care about our workforce because we believe it's the right thing to do.
Blower Regulations
We adhere to local noise regulations and use electric blowers in cities that require them. The vast majority of "mow and blow" gardeners ignore local noise ordinances.
Organic Weeding
Prefer your garden to be chemical-free? We have organic packages that include hand weeding and organic fertilizers.
Liability Insurance
We carry a multimillion-dollar liability insurance policy that protects both our customers and our employees.
What We Offer
Our weekly or bi-weekly essentials yard maintenance package includes:
Lawn Care
Mowing, edging and trimming your lawn
Cleaning
Cleaning and weeding hardscape and softscape
Hedging
Power hedging bushes up to 5 feet tall
We also offer a variety of add-on services for our maintenance customers, including pruning, mulching, plantings, fertilization, and irrigation repairs.
How Much Does it Cost?
We price your service based on a custom blueprint of your yard that we create when you request a proposal.
Prices start from just $24/visit for weekly service, or $34/visit for service every other week.
How It Works
Enter your address and contact info. Our architects will create a blueprint of your garden based on satellite imagery.
We'll email you your blueprint and proposal within 48 hours. It will contain a quote for both weekly and bi-weekly essentials service.
Choose your plan and sign up online. If you'd like any changes to your essentials proposal, we'll work with you to create the perfect plan for your home.